README.md, before:

# Vulkan-Headers

Vulkan header files and API registry

## Default branch changed to 'main' 2021-09-12

As discussed in #222, the default branch of this repository is now 'main'. This change should be largely transparent to repository users, since github rewrites many references to the old 'master' branch to 'main'. However, if you have a checked-out local clone, you may wish to take the following steps as recommended by github:

```sh
git branch -m master main
git fetch origin
git branch -u origin/main main
git remote set-head origin -a
```

## Repository Content

The contents of this repository are largely obtained from other repositories
and are collected, coordinated, and curated here.

If proposing changes to any file originating from a different repository,
please propose such changes in that repository, rather than Vulkan-Headers.
Files in this repository originate from:

### Specification repository (https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Docs)

* registry/cgenerator.py
* registry/conventions.py
* registry/generator.py
* registry/genvk.py
* registry/reg.py
* registry/spec_tools/util.py
* registry/validusage.json
* registry/vk.xml
* registry/vkconventions.py
* All files under include/vulkan/ which are *not* listed explicitly as originating from another repository.

### This repository (https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Headers)

* .cmake-format.py
* BUILD.gn
* BUILD.md
* CMakeLists.txt
* CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
* LICENSE.txt
* README.md
* cmake/Copyright_cmake.txt
* cmake/cmake_uninstall.cmake.in
* Non-API headers (report issues to the [Vulkan-Loader/issues](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Loader/issues) tracker)
  * include/vulkan/vk_icd.h
  * include/vulkan/vk_layer.h
  * include/vulkan/vk_sdk_platform.h

### Vulkan C++ Binding Repository (https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Hpp)

As of the Vulkan-Docs 1.2.182 spec update, the Vulkan-Hpp headers have been
split into multiple files. All of those files are now included in this
repository.

* include/vulkan/vulkan.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_enums.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_funcs.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_handles.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_raii.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_structs.hpp

## Version Tagging Scheme

Updates to the `Vulkan-Headers` repository which correspond to a new Vulkan
specification release are tagged using the following format:
`v<`_`version`_`>` (e.g., `v1.1.96`).

**Note**: Marked version releases have undergone thorough testing but do not
imply the same quality level as SDK tags. SDK tags follow the
`sdk-<`_`version`_`>.<`_`patch`_`>` format (e.g., `sdk-1.1.92.0`).

This scheme was adopted following the 1.1.96 Vulkan specification release.

Commit message:

Fork `main` branch to `sc_main` for initial public Vulkan SC specification release.
Remove the generated Vulkan headers. New Vulkan SC generated files will
be added in the initial public release tag.

README.md, after:

# Vulkan-Headers

Vulkan header files and API registry

## Default branch changed to 'main' 2021-09-12

As discussed in #222, the default branch of this repository is now 'main'.
This change should be largely transparent to repository users, since github
rewrites many references to the old 'master' branch to 'main'. However, if
you have a checked-out local clone, you may wish to take the following steps
as recommended by github:

```sh
git branch -m master main
git fetch origin
git branch -u origin/main main
git remote set-head origin -a
```

## Vulkan SC Headers and JSON Files

The `sc_main` branch of this repository contains generated headers and JSON
files for the Vulkan SC specification.
The API XML and some of the scripts in this branch differ slightly from the
equivalent files in the `main` branch for Vulkan.

## Repository Content

The contents of this repository are largely obtained from other repositories
and are collected, coordinated, and curated here.

If proposking changes to any file originating from a different repository,
please propose such changes in that repository, rather than Vulkan-Headers.
Files in this repository originate from:

### Specification repository (https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Docs)

* registry/cgenerator.py
* registry/conventions.py
* registry/generator.py
* registry/genvk.py
* registry/reg.py
* registry/spec_tools/util.py
* registry/validusage.json
* registry/vk.xml
* registry/vkconventions.py
* All files under include/vulkan/ which are *not* listed explicitly as originating from another repository.

### This repository (https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Headers)

* .cmake-format.py
* BUILD.gn
* BUILD.md
* CMakeLists.txt
* CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
* LICENSE.txt
* README.md
* cmake/Copyright_cmake.txt
* cmake/cmake_uninstall.cmake.in
* Non-API headers (report issues to the [Vulkan-Loader/issues](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Loader/issues) tracker)
  * include/vulkan/vk_icd.h
  * include/vulkan/vk_layer.h
  * include/vulkan/vk_sdk_platform.h

### Vulkan C++ Binding Repository (https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Hpp)

As of the Vulkan-Docs 1.2.182 spec update, the Vulkan-Hpp headers have been
split into multiple files. All of those files are now included in this
repository.

*NOTE*: the `sc_main_ branch does not currently contain C++ headers, which
are not currently generated for Vulkan SC.

* include/vulkan/vulkan.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_enums.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_funcs.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_handles.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_raii.hpp
* include/vulkan/vulkan_structs.hpp

## Version Tagging Scheme

Updates to the `Vulkan-Headers` repository which correspond to a new Vulkan
specification release are tagged using the following format:
`v<`_`version`_`>` (e.g., `v1.3.202`).

Updates which correspond to a new Vulkan SC specification release are tagged
using the following format: `vksc<`_`version`_`>` (e.g., `vksc1.0.9`).

**Note**: Marked version releases have undergone thorough testing but do not
imply the same quality level as SDK tags. SDK tags follow the
`sdk-<`_`version`_`>.<`_`patch`_`>` format (e.g., `sdk-1.1.92.0`).

This scheme was adopted following the 1.1.96 Vulkan specification release.
